The intention would also be to infiltrate terrorists through the waters, IB officials further note.
Officials say that as the latest information available, Pakistan based terrorist camps continue to train cadres for underwater strikes.
While the Balakot camp was reactivated by the Jaish-e-Mohammad, the Lashkar-e-Tayiba to has activated two of its maritime camps at Mirpur and Sialkot.
The incident in which Pakistan used drones to send in arms and ammunition is one such example of how the tactics are changing.
Officials tell OneIndia that terror groups would look to use various techniques as the land is becoming difficult to access owing to the huge security build-up.
It was back in January that the Intelligence had first signalled that Pakistan is urging its terror groups to go ahead with Operation Samudari.
However, over the past couple of weeks, the Indian intelligence has been picking up information about the opening up of the aquatic training centres of both the Lashkar-e-Tayiba and Jaish-e-Mohammad.
New Delhi, Sep 27: Almost all top terror groups in Pakistan have activated their modules, training camps just to name a few.
With land out of bounds, Pak terrorists plan to infiltrate through the skies and seas
"The police are keen to apprehend the alleged abductors so as to bring them to justice and protect the public," Mutsvangwa said.
Monica Mutsvangwa, Zimbabwe's Information Minister, maintains police interfered with Magombeyi's departure for safety and health reasons.
Peter Magombeyi's departure for South Africa only came after the head of the High Court, George Chiweshe, chastised police who had defied a court order and blocked the doctor from leaving.
"I am very happy for that step taken by the medical practitioners, am very happy on that one, because there are some areas whereby l feel he needs further medication," Kingstone Magombeyi said.
His father, Kingstone Magombeyi, had been staying with him at the hospital since his release last Thursday.
Friends and colleagues suspect he was poisoned during his five-day abduction and now has liver damage.
Dr. Peter Magombeyi, acting president of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, had been receiving care in Harare for a week since his release from captivity.
A doctor in Zimbabwe who was abducted and allegedly tortured for leading a doctors strike left the country late Thursday for what his medical team calls "urgent" treatment in South Africa.
Zimbabwe: 'Poisoned' Doctor Leaves Country for Treatment
Earlier this week, Newsom said at a United Nations Climate Summit that he was "humiliated" by Trump's environmental record.
EIP has found that sources like factory farms and coal ash dumps near power plants are major sources of water pollution and have not faced EPA enforcement.
Eric Schaeffer, director of the Environmental Integrity Project and a former top enforcement official at EPA, said the agency's current focus on homeless encampments is misdirected when it "has done so little to enforce illegal discharges from much larger sources across the US."
"I would love to have a President that wants to work with us on solutions to the challenges we face, whether that be with our infrastructure, our need for more housing, or helping people exit homelessness."
"There are no needles washing out to the Bay or Ocean from our sewer system, and there is no relationship between homelessness and water quality in San Francisco," she said in a statement.
San Francisco Mayor London Breed accused Trump of "taking swipes" at her city for "no reason other than politics.
Wheeler said the state was "failing to meet its obligation required under delegated federal programs" and that he wanted the state to detail how it will respond.
EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler's letter to Governor Gavin Newsom said the governor and the mayors of San Francisco and Los Angeles "do not appear to be acting with urgency" to mitigate the public health risks from "untreated human waste entering nearby waters."
The issues have ranged from policy disputes to legal challenges around immigration, automobile efficiency and housing.
Typically, the courts will give a defendant one last chance to respond.
According to the legal docs, Lil Wayne was served with the lawsuit but he failed to respond, so the judge issued a default judgment against Weezy.
He said Wayne received the $500,000 investment from him but then never performed and also never gave back the cash.
Natan claimed Stenger collaborated with Wayne from the beginning and lied about being a concert promoter.
The legal docs reportedly show Natan claimed he loaned $500,000 to a guy named Eric Stenger to promote Weezy shows.
The suit was apparently filed by Natan against Lil Wayne and hip-hop group Migos back in January, in which the investor claimed they were "Ponzi scheme artists" who created shell companies to get money for shows they never actually planned to perform.
According to TMZ, a judge has ordered the rapper to cough up $150K for breach of contract and fraud to investor Ramin Natan but it's a default judgment with the judge having ruled for Natan because Wayne didn't show.
Lil Wayne is up for about $150,000 in charges for allegedly creating fraudulent companies to book fake concerts and it turns out he didn't even bother to respond to the lawsuit.
Lil Wayne ordered to pay over $150K in phony concert case
"eFootball is played by tens of millions of people across the continent and we are delighted to give competitors from our national associations the chance to represent their country on the biggest stage," said UEFA marketing director Guy-Laurent Epstein.
The winner of each group and the best six runners-up will qualify for the final tournament in London.
It will divide the participating nations into 10 groups for the online qualifying phase, to be contested between March and May 2020.
A draw will take place in January 2020.
Between November 2019 and January 2020, each national association will nominate their team, with participants being chosen through either a domestic online or physical tournament - unless a national eFootball team already exists.
Gamers will compete in Konami's eFootball Pro Evolution Soccer 2020 (PES 20) on the Playstation 4 video game console.
Players from all 55 of UEFA's national associations will look to qualify for the final tournament in London from 9-10 July, a couple of days before the final of the main European Championship at Wembley Stadium on 12 July.
UEFA has opened registration for esports competitors to represent their national teams at the inaugural eEURO 2020, with the qualifying phase kicking off in November 2019.
Gamers get chance to compete at Euros
Nor do they have implications for the wider economy," he said.
While the events shook markets, "they neither reflect - nor direct - the stance of monetary policy.
Along with his views on rates, Harker also weighed in on last week's tumult in the overnight lending, or repo, market that saw short-term rates spike to 10% and the fed funds rate climb 5 basis points above its target range.
Yet he also noted potential problems with "trade and international developments and the uncertainty they breed."
He said he views the economy as strong with inflation on its way to the Fed's 2% goal.
Harker, a nonvoting member of the Federal Open Market Committee, spoke nine days after his fellow central bankers voted to cut the Fed's benchmark interest rate by a quarter, the second reduction this year.
"My own view is that we should hold firm, letting things settle and watching how events play out," he said in prepared remarks Friday to the Shadow Open Market Committee of economists who monitor Fed activity.
Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker thinks interest rates should hold steady as events unfold in what he called a strong economy that also has "clear downside risks."
Harker says Fed should 'hold firm' on interest rates
The first is the tight labor market.
Cramer said there are two main reasons why the companies are having success, despite recession fears and the U.S.-China trade war.
Its stock was at $18.40 at Thursday's close.
Steelcase, which is based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and is a leading supplier of products for the office environment, is up 24%, Cramer said.
It closed at $45.98 on Thursday.
Herman Miller, a Zeeland, Michigan-based maker of high-end office furniture, has seen its stock rise 52% for the year, Cramer noted.
Not only are Herman Miller and Steelcase are defying conventional wisdom, but they also have room to continue rising, the "Mad Money" host contended.
U.S. businesses may be showing some signs of weakness, but that shouldn't scare you away from buying the stock of two office furniture companies, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Thursday.
Why you should buy Herman Miller and Steelcase's stocks
The SSS also accused Mr Sowore of disseminating an interview wherein he made utterances termed by the prosecution as "insulting, causing hatred and enmity" to the person of President Muhammadu Buhari.
Mr Sowore, who was arrested on August 3 for planning a protest popularised with the hashtag #RevolutionNow, is facing trial on seven counts for alleged treasonable felony, fraud and cyberstalking.
The Federal High Court had ordered the immediate release of Mr Sowore from prison on Tuesday after ruling that there was no longer a valid reason to continue detaining the respondent.
"Take notice that unless you obey the order of the Federal High Court, Abuja Division delivered on September 24 which ordered you to release the applicant, you will be guilty of contempt of court and will be liable to be committed to prison," the document read.
A copy of the court order dated September 26 said the SSS must release Mr Sowore as directed by the court or it would be guilty of contempt and liable to be committed to prison.
The court's warning was also based on an application by Mr Sowore's lawyers led by senior advocate Femi Falana.
The court gave the warning on Thursday in response to the failure of the SSS to release the detained publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore.
The Federal High Court, Abuja Division, has issued a warning that it would order the imprisonment of the Director-General of the State Security Service (SSS), Yusuf Bichi
Nigeria: Sowore - Court Threatens Imprisonment of SSS Director
The CCCC had proposed two separate bans on the grounds that Brislane had used abusive language towards a referee and for "any type of assault of a referee" under Rule 7.2 (c) of the official guide.
Former Tipperary hurler Eoin Brislane has been suspended for a total of 16 weeks arising from an incident in Tipp's Under-15 Arrabawn Hurling Tournament match with Wexford on 31 August.
Assuming that the suspension starts from the issuing of the CHC's findings on Thursday, Devlin will be ruled out of all involvement with the Tyrone squad until early March, well into the 2020 Allianz League campaign.
Devlin now has the option to go to the GAA's Central Appeals Committee in an attempt to have his punishment overturned.
Devlin, who works alongside Tyrone boss Mickey Harte, didn't accept the punishment proposed by the CCCC and chose to request a hearing in front of the CHC, who found the alleged infraction proven.
He was accused of 'disruptive conduct not causing the premature termination of a game', by a supporter.
Croke Park's Central Hearings Committee (CHC) upheld the suspension proposed by the Central Competitions Control Committee (CCCC) following incidents during an Under-15 inter-county game between Tyrone and Down on 27 July.
Tyrone selector Gavin Devlin has been hit with a 24-week suspension following his conduct as a supporter at an underage game.
Tyrone's Gavin Devlin picks up 24-week suspension
As well as the original fireplace in the living room, the kitchen has a traditionally shaped window from when the house was a blacksmiths.
The spacious kitchen has a dining area and is sure to be the hub of the home.
The exposed stone fireplace with wood burning stove have been preserved to maintain the propertys character and charm.
The 27ft living room features original ceiling beams.
Situated on the outskirts of Gorebridge, this three bedroom, four bathroom property is on the market for offers over £395,000 with Warners Solicitors & Estate Agents.
Built in the 1840"s, The Smithy comes complete with a large barn to the rear and gives buyers a unique opportunity to set up home in a historic property with great space and character.
Take a look inside this historic Scottish blacksmiths which has original features and beautiful views
They have been told to shoot down any drone intruding into the Indian airspace, officials said.
The BSF is also patrolling riverine areas along the IB and has deployed water patrol teams in the Chenab river to foil terrorists' design to infiltrate into India from Pakistan, they said.
BSF troops guarding over 180 kms of IB with Pakistan have strengthened their observation posts and "listening posts" to keep a close watch against any intrusion by drones.
"We have activated our forces to keep a hawk's eye on movement of drones along the IB," BSF officials said.
It is a new modus operandi of Pakistan to smuggle arms, ammunition and explosives in India for triggering terror.
Doval tells security forces to put anti infiltration grid on high alert
The Army and BSF officials said the troops and observation posts have been asked to maintain the highest possible vigilance along with the International Border and Line of Control (LOC) in Jammu, Samba, Kathua, Rajouri, Poonch and Baramulla, Kupwara districts of the state.
GPS-fitted drones capable of lifting up to 10 kg of weight flew in from Pakistan seven to eight times to airdrop several cache of arms, ammunition and fake currency, which were seized in Punjab's Tarn Taran district, the ongoing probe by the Punjab police has revealed.
New Delhi, Sep 27: The Army and Border Security Force (BSF) has sounded an all-out alert along the entire Indo-Pak border and LoC, asking border guarding troops and observation posts to keep a "hawk's eye" over similar air-intrusions in future.
The revelation caused an internet firestorm, with supporters and naysayers battling it out.
JAL's maps indicate where infants under two are sitting, with a child icon to let "other passengers know."
At least one other Japanese airline does the same: All Nippon Airways (ANA), where a spokeswoman confirmed its seat maps have shown where children are sitting "for a while."
