"We're at the World Cup to play against the best (and)... for this game (against Italy) we were definitely not the favorites and that showed on the scoreboard," Ardron said.
Ardron, one of the few Canadians playing in a top-tier club competition - for New Zealand club Waikato Chiefs in the international Super Rugby competition - recognized his side were unlikely to upset either of the southern hemisphere nations.
The North Americans were beaten 48-7 by Italy in their Pool B opener at Fukuoka Hakatanomori Stadium on Thursday and now face three-times world champions New Zealand on Oct. 2 in Oita before meeting South Africa on Oct. 8 in Kobe.
Canada rugby captain Tyler Ardron is under no illusions of the monumentality of the task facing his side in their next two World Cup fixtures but said it would put his players in the "shop window" and ultimately help improve the team in the long run.
World Cup is shop window that will improve team, says Canada captain
"There was a specific time at the end of the day, when daylight was failing and the streetlights came on, when everything seemed to glow," says Levene.
Here, a young man sells fruit at a roadside stall beneath a rudimentary striplight (Wainwright is pictured just beyond him, wearing a blue T-shirt).
Its crumbling British colonial architecture, and street life in particular, provided a rich source of stories and images.
In 2016, Guardian photographer David Levene and architecture critic Oliver Wainwright visited Yangon to document its changing face, amid huge political upheaval and a flood of foreign investment.
Buy a classic Guardian photograph: Myanmar by David Levene
Sunday's clash at the Tokyo Stadium will likely decide the winner of Pool D, setting up a potential quarter-final against either France or Argentina.
And flanker Aaron Shingler will again provide second-row bench cover for starting locks Jake Ball and Alun Wyn Jones.
There are also further opportunities for prop Wyn Jones and flanker Aaron Wainwright after they made their Rugby World Cup debuts in the Georgia game.
Gatland's side features nine survivors from Wales' narrow win against the Wallabies last November.
There is one switch among the replacements, with Ospreys centre Owen Watkin taking over from Leigh Halfpenny.
Gatland has placed his faith in the starting XV that secured a 43-14 victory over Georgia four days ago, this despite the knocks suffered by centre Hadleigh Parkes and hooker Ken Owens.
The Wales skipper wins his 130th cap, breaking the previous record held by prop Gethin Jenkins.
Warren Gatland has named an unchanged team for Wales' Pool D showdown against Australia, with Alun Wyn Jones set to become the country's most-capped player when he leads his side out in Tokyo.
Rugby World Cup 2019: Warren Gatland announces Wales line-up for Australia showdown
The notion would have been unthinkable only a few months ago, with the WeWork brand strongly tied to the flamboyant, freewheeling Israel-born entrepreneur who has said that his company's mission was to "elevate the world's consciousness."
By last weekend, some WeWork directors started to lay the groundwork for Neumann's departure, according to a source familiar with the seven-member board's deliberations.
By the time the IPO was pulled, estimates of WeWork's value had come down as low as $10 billion.
At that level, WeWork was the world's fourth-most valuable private startup, according to data firm CB Insights.
The falling estimates came as a shock to Son, who had plowed more than $10 billion into WeWork, the last investment at a $47 billion valuation, according to three people familiar with the matter.
Neumann's downfall came after WeWork's parent, We Company, spent months preparing for an initial public offering, only to have to postpone its plans last week, as estimates of its value fell by tens of billions of dollars amid investor concerns about its corporate governance under Neumann, 40, and its ability to generate a profit.
The vote by Neumann, who remains non-executive chairman but gave up majority control of the company he co-founded, was the culmination of a stunning coup to remove him led by his biggest backer, Masayoshi Son, the billionaire CEO of SoftBank Group, the sources said.
When WeWork's directors voted on Tuesday to oust Adam Neumann as chief executive after a failed attempt to take the office-sharing startup public, Neumann cast his vote against himself, according to three people familiar with the situation.
WeWork's Neumann voted to oust himself as CEO after failed IPO
Hospital staff found signs of trauma on Noah's body and determined there were issues with his parents' explanation for his cause of death.
He died the following morning, on July 6.
Noah was rushed by ambulance to a local hospital.
He was never removed from the home and placed in foster care and on the afternoon of July 5, Noah's parents called 911 to report that he was drowning in a pool at an apartment complex in the 1200 block of East Avenue S, the L.A. County Sheriff's Department reports.
Noah had been ordered by a court back in May to be removed from his parents' custody over concerns about abuse.
The two were booked at Palmdale Sheriff's Station and a search warrant was served at their residence in an attempt to recover any additional evidence related to Noah's murder.
Jose Cuatro and Ursula Juarez were arrested for the murder of their son, Noah, on September 26, 2019, at approximately 8:00 a.m., the Los Angeles County Sheriffs Dept. announced.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) - The parents of 4-year-old Palmdale boy Noah Cuatro who died in July under suspicious circumstances were arrested Thursday, officials confirmed.
Parents Arrested In Suspicious Death Of 4-Year-Old Palmdale Boy Noah Cuatro - CBS Los Angeles
Before joining the custodian bank, he held the top job at Visa Inc (V.N), the world's largest payment network.
Most recently, Scharf was heading Bank of New York Mellon (BK.N).
Wells Fargo's board has been shuffled many times since the scandal, with more than half of its independent directors joining the board after 2016.
Internal and regulatory probes since the scandal have uncovered other issues in each of the bank's primary businesses, resulting in billions of dollars in fines, penalties and an unprecedented cap on its balance sheet by the Federal Reserve.
Scharf will take charge at a time when the bank is under a regulatory microscope and is working at rebuilding its tarnished reputation following the scandal.
Sloan had said increased pressure from politicians and regulators had become a distraction in running the scandal-plagued bank.
Scharf will take over from interim CEO Allen Parker, who was thrust into the position in March when former CEO Tim Sloan resigned abruptly.
Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) named banking veteran Charles Scharf as chief executive officer on Friday, the lender's third CEO since a wide-ranging sales scandal erupted three years ago.
Wells Fargo taps BNY Mellon's Charles Scharf as CEO
It alleged that this company was "beneficially owned and controlled" by Deepak Talwar in the name of his son, Aditya Talwar.
The proceeds of crime allegedly generated by Deepak Talwar, from kickbacks received in lieu of securing favourable air traffic rights, were integrated in a company Wave Hospitality Private Limited, the agency said.
The lobbyist was deported from Dubai in January and arrested by the agency in a PMLA case booked against him and others.
The agency, with the approval obtained from the authority, will now be able to seize the hotel, a senior official said.
The attachment order, issued by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on March 28, has been confirmed by the Adjudicating Authority of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) on September 19, the agency said in a statement.
A special PMLA authority has confirmed the attachment of hotel Holiday Inn, worth over Rs 127 crore, located in the upscale Aerocity area in the national capital in connection with a money laundering case against alleged aviation lobbyist Deepak Talwar, the Enforcement Directorate said on Friday.
Deepak Talwar is currently in judicial custody
The value of Holiday Inn is Rs 127 crore.
Holiday Inn Delhi Aerocity Posh Delhi Hotel To Be Seized In Case Against Deepak Talwar
Phillips and Bill Haagenson, an administrator at the Lands Department, said it's difficult to quantify how many visitors are heading for state lands following the agreement.
"And the state has been very open that they're welcome there," said Roger Phillips, spokesman for Fish and Game.
The lands have always been open to the public, but state officials say the agreement has increased awareness that they are accessible to hunters, anglers and others.
Most of the money is generated through logging.
Idaho received endowment lands in 1890 when it became a state.
The agreement involves access to about 3,750 square miles (9,700 square kilometers) of Idaho endowment lands.
Fish and Game through fees it collects from hunters and anglers is paying the Lands Department $580,000 annually, with about a fourth of that in law enforcement patrols.
The Idaho Department of Lands and Idaho Department of Fish and Game said that both sides are benefiting from the 2018 agreement.
An agreement formalizing public access to state-owned lands has been a good deal for the two Idaho agencies involved as well as hunters, anglers and recreationists, state officials said Thursday.
Khateeb said the kingdom will also ease its strict dress code for foreign women, allowing them to go without the body-shrouding abaya robe that is still mandatory public wear for Saudi women.
Saudi Arabia will open applications for online tourist visas to citizens of 49 countries on Saturday, Bloomberg News quoted Khateeb as saying.
Visitors will be surprised... by the treasures we have to share -- five UNESCO World Heritage Sites, a vibrant local culture and breathtaking natural beauty.
"Opening Saudi Arabia to international tourists is a historic moment for our country," tourism chief Ahmed al-Khateeb said in a statement.
The announcement comes just two weeks after devastating attacks on Saudi Arabia's oil infrastructure -- blamed by Washington on Iran -- which roiled global energy markets and raised fears of a wider regional conflict.
Kickstarting tourism is one of the centrepieces of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 reform programme to prepare the biggest Arab economy for a post-oil era.
Saudi Arabia said Friday it will offer tourist visas for the first time, opening up the ultra-conservative kingdom to holidaymakers as part of a push to diversify its economy away from oil.
Visas in Saudi are currently restricted to expat workers, their dependents and Muslim pilgrims.
Saudi Arabia To Offer Tourist Visas For First Time, Abolish Abaya Rule
You might not put on a happy face for a while after the credits roll, but it is so worth the weird dreams that will likely follow.
This is not a comic-book movie and aside from a few hat-tips to Batman lore, it is completely its own beast, and that is precisely why it works so well; there is no format, there is no convention and there are no rules.
Phoenix gives the performance of the year here, but DeNiro is also at the top of his game once again and his involvement in the project really solidifies the Scorsese-ian undertones that pepper the film.
The balancing act is truly engaging.
Joker is a character study that explores how a mentally ill aspiring stand-up comedian, Arthur Fleck, becomes the homicidal clown we're familiar with, and the film deftly walks the tightrope of making him a somewhat sympathetic character without pushing this aspect too far.
What transpires on screen is chilling, unnerving, completely compelling, anxiety-inducing, sleep-disturbing, and absolutely brilliant.
Pulling back the curtain on the Joker was a risk, but it's one that pays off hugely here as Phoenix's portrayal of the character, who has been played many ways by many actors to varying degrees of success, is unique and if anything, more terrifying, as this story is so grounded in a quasi-reality and the most real-worldly Gotham we've seen.
Joaquin Phoenix turns in an Oscar worthy performance as a comic-book villain whose power once lay in his ambiguous mythology, but has now been bolstered in Joker by an unflinching deep dive into his origins.
Joker is chilling, unnerving and absolutely brilliant
With fibre, downloading an entire HD film takes a few minutes.
It means it can take up to an hour to download a single TV episode and uploading files is "incredibly slow."
Civil servant Tim Figures, who lives in an apartment near the Gherkin tower, said he can access only "basic" broadband services despite lobbying for more than a year for fibre to be installed.
Affected residents have spoken of their frustration at being left with slow internet speeds in the heart of the Square Mile.
Figures from Openreach suggest it has been unable to gain consent from the owners of 848 high-rise buildings - containing 9,941 residential or business premises - in the City alone.
The problem is most acute in the City where complex layers of foreign ownership have made it hard to identify who the freeholders are, resulting in years of costly delay.
Bosses at Openreach, the firm responsible for linking up homes to fibre networks capable of supporting "ultrafast" broadband, say they face huge obstacles in securing so-called "wayleave" agreements that give them the right to enter apartment or office blocks.
Thousands of central London residents are being "locked out" of the quickest broadband by a legal requirement for landlords to give permission before fibre can be installed.
Fast broadband roll-out held up by legal requirement on landlords
Mr Kovind called upon the scientific community to take calculated risk.
Science and Technology Minister Harsh Vardhan, Principal Scientific Advisor K VijayRaghavan and CSIR Director General Shekhar Mande were also present at the event.
"None of our successes will have any meaning without equal opportunities for our girl-children," he added.
"When this happens, our scientific achievements will become even more wholesome and more desirable," the President said.
We have to take the necessary steps to ensure greater participation of girl students and of women in science and technology.
In this context, he said Project Director of Chandrayaan-2 mission M Vanitha and Mission Director Ritu Karidhal have become household names.
In his address on the 78th foundation day celebrations of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), he said achievements in the field of science and technology will become more wholesome and desirable if there is a greater participation of girl students and of women in this area.
President Ram Nath Kovind on Thursday said the participation of women in the field of science in the country is far from satisfactory and steps need to be taken to ensure greater involvement of girl students in the area.
No. of women in science field far from satisfactory; need to increase participation: President Kovind