"Marry me again, please," Alex said.
He dropped to one knee and proposed to her all over again.
Character Jo Karev (Camilla Luddington) also got some major support from husband Alex (Justin Chambers) after she checked into a psychiatric facility for 30 days to deal with her issues.
"Omg the new episode of grey's anatomy... amelia... sweetie," one person tweeted.
But what seemed to really mess up social media was the revelation that Amelia might be pregnant -- which of course was not the kind of threesome she was envisioning.
From Amelia Shepherd (played by Caterina Scorsone) using her date with Atticus Lincoln a.k.a. Dr. Link (Chris Carmack) to float the idea of a three-way, to Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) facing the threat of losing her medical license, there was plenty of "OMG" moments.
The hit ABC drama debuted it's new season Thursday night and it was a lot.
'Grey's Anatomy' Season 16 debuted and people have feelings
Shirley said: "I'm scheduled for the operation on Tuesday, October 29th."
Speaking to The Sun, Shirley was told "there's no guarantee that we can ever really see behind the back of the implants," which made her realise it could be difficult for doctors to detect any cancers.
Shirley had received a health warning following a mammogram and subsequently made the brave decision to remove her implants.
However, FDA did note that it doesn't necessarily mean that implant cause it and further research is need to understand the relationship between the condition and breast implants.
The FDA believes that women with breast implants that have textured surfaces have a very low but increased risk of developing BIA-ALCL.
According to The Food and Drug Administration (FDA), there is a possible association between breast implants and the development of breast-implant associated anapaestic large cell lymphoma (BIA-ALCL), an uncommon cancer of the immune system.
Shirley's mother and aunt both have cancer and as such she made the decision to remove her implants to reduce her risk.
Head judge of Strictly Come Dancing, Shirley Ballas, 59, announced that she will be having her breast implants removed after several cancer diagnoses in her family.
Shirley Ballas health: Strictly star to remove breast implants to reduce cancer risk
During the appeal hearing last week, Mr McCord's barrister Ronan Lavery QC told the court that if a Brexit extension could not be secured by the government in the absence of a deal, then the default position should be halting Brexit - through the revocation of Article 50 - rather than exiting with no deal.
One that argued the Government's Brexit policy will damage the Northern Ireland peace process was previously dismissed by the High Court.
The three challenges focused on various aspects of a no-deal Brexit on 31 October.
The three-judge Court of Appeal, led by the region's Lord Chief Justice Sir Declan Morgan, gave their judgment on Friday morning.
It comes after the UK Supreme Court unanimously ruled that Prime Minister Boris Johnson acted unlawfully in shutting down parliament for five weeks.
One of the applicants was high-profile victims' campaigner Raymond McCord, whose son was murdered by loyalist paramilitaries in 1997.
Three applicants appealed against a Belfast High Court judgment that rejected their challenge against the UK government's handling of the Brexit process.
The Court of Appeal in Belfast has dismissed an application that the UK government's Brexit policy will damage the Northern Ireland peace process.
Belfast High Court dismisses no-deal Brexit case
Despite the many examples of progress, Ms. Viotti declared that the international community needs to do much more to support African efforts.
More effective support needed from international community
The UN and AU, she continued, are cooperating closely to ensure that the voices of women and youth are integral to peace processes, and both organizations have youth envoys and strategies, acting as advocates and agents of change.
Cooperation between the UN, African Union and other partners in the area of elections is growing, said Ms. Viotti, citing visits organized by the UN Office for West Africa to several countries, ahead of legislative or presidential elections, over the last two years.
Ms. Viotti went on to outline some of the progress being made in certain African countries, such as the peace talks, led by the African Union, in the Central African Republic which led a Political Agreement which is being overseen by the UN; the signing of a Constitutional Declaration in Sudan, which has allowed for the establishment of a civilian-led government, following efforts led by Ethiopia and the African Union (AU), with UN support; and free and fair elections in Madagascar, supported by the Southern Africa Development Community, the African Union, and UN.
Progress evident at regional and country level
Ms. Viotti recognized the African Union and Member States' success in achieving important milestones in their pursuit for higher effectiveness, self-reliance and cooperation, and welcomed the work of the African Union Mediation Support Unit and the FemWise Network of African Women in Conflict Prevention and Mediation, which are, she said, "boosting capacity to defuse crises and making such efforts more inclusive."
African countries are building increasingly strong partnerships for advancing peace and security, as well as inclusive sustainable development across the continent, the Security Council heard on Thursday, during a briefing by the UN Secretary-General's Chef de Cabinet, Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti.
African Cooperation On Peace 'Increasingly Strong', Security Council Told
Motorway deaths also rose despite moves to make them safer, with 107 fatalities last year - up eight per cent on 2017.
The RAC Foundation said the statistics are 'worrying', and it has accused the Government of complacency over road safety.
Worse, drugs were a factor in 80 road deaths last year - compared to just 31 six years ago.
There were 1,321 crashes caused by drivers under the influence of drugs last year, compared to 594 in 2013, the Department for Transport (DfT) said on Thursday.
The number of road accidents caused by drug-driving has more than doubled in five years.
RAC said statistics worrying, accused the Government of complacency
DfT said 1,321 crashes were caused by drivers under influence of drugs last year
Number of road accidents caused by drug-driving more than doubled in 5 years
Drug-driving crashes double in just five years as RAC accuses government of 'complacency'
"It's very rare for this type of thing to come up," he said.
This offers plenty of opportunities for a major renovation or knockdown/rebuild (subject to council approval).
David Hill, of Raine&Horne HM Group, said the home was located in the only street on the Wollstonecraft peninsula that has no conservation restrictions.
It has a price guide of $2.75 million.
The four-bedroom house at 18 Tryon Ave , is scheduled to go under the hammer at 2pm (Saturday, September 28), and will be open for inspection and registration from 1.15pm.
Only one of them is a house, and by this time tomorrow it will likely be sold.
According to realestate.com.au, there are just 11 properties currently on the market.
The north shore housing market is in the grip of a stock shortage, especially in the popular suburb of Wollstonecraft.
Wollstonecraft's only house for sale going under the hammer
With Kelvin being a strong competitor there is every possibility he could walk away with £100,000 if he wins the entire competition.
However, his earnings could increase significantly if he makes it to the quarter-finals as he will pocket £60,000.
For those who stay until the end of October the fee rises to £40,000.
The Sun previously reported that each celebrity is given a standard £25,000 payment for joining.
The father-of-one is said to have been paid something in the region of £25,000 and £40,000 to take part in the 17th series of Strictly Come Dancing.
How much is Kelvin Flecther being paid for Strictly Come Dancing?
But what do we know about him?
FORMER Emmerdale cast member Kelvin Fletcher has swapped the Dales for the dancefloor on BBC's Strictly Come Dancing 2019.
How much is Kelvin Fletcher paid for Strictly, who is his wife and why did he leave Emmerdale?
To the royal household, after all, past custom and practice is 99 per cent of the law.
This time, though, warning bells should have sounded in the royal household as soon as they heard that the new Prime Minister was proposing such a long prorogation in the run-up to the Brexit deadline date; and a couple of quick concerned phone calls from palace to Downing Street should have been enough to persuade the PM to shorten his pre-Queen's Speech prorogation to the usual length of a few days or a week.
For the truth is that on that day, the Queen and her advisers seem to have made an error of judgment, of the kind they have almost entirely avoided, in her 67-year reign to date; and arguably a much more serious one than the intervention in the Scottish independence referendum suggested by David Cameron in his memoir, which, after all, amounted to no more than the Queen suggesting people "think carefully" before casting their votes, a phrase which only a dyed-in-the-wool Unionist would interpret as meaning that they should necessarily vote for the status quo.
Yet it is a sub-plot worthy of a one-act play in its own right; and perhaps not one of those jolly, reassuring ones in which the Queen is portrayed as an infinitely wise and perceptive old lady, who has seen 13 prime ministers come and go, and will doubtless outlast the 14th.
This is, of course, a mere sub-plot in the wider Brexit drama which reached such an appalling crisis in the Commons on Wednesday night, with the Prime Minister dismissing the unanimous decision of 11 Supreme Court judges as "wrong," inciting warlike attitudes by using terms like "surrender" and "betrayal" in relation to Brexit, and dismissing as "humbug" the fears for their own safety of women MP's - friends and allies of the murdered MP Jo Cox - who are now subjected to a daily barrage of Brexit-related hate mail.
Amid all the sound, fury, and swings of the constitutional wrecking-ball that have accompanied the latest traumatic episode in Britain's Brexit crisis, one question has therefore been nagging at the back of my mind; the question of what exactly happened on the morning of 28 August, when Jacob Rees-Mogg, as Lord President of the Council, presented himself at Balmoral, where the Queen was on her usual late summer holiday, to seek the royal assent to the exceptional five-week prorogation of Parliament proposed by the Prime Minister.
I suppose that even 20 years on, it's a beheading offence to give precise details of what they said on the subject of the Queen's role in the planned official opening of the new Scottish Parliament, on 1 July 1999; but I can say that they were an impressive crew, much more politically savvy about the constitutional nuances of devolution than most UK Government representatives at the time, and much more sharply aware - given their vast experience across the Commonwealth - that political self-determination is one thing, and the role of the monarch as head of state is another.
Once, long ago, a committee I sat on had some dealings with people from Buckingham Palace; not the Royal Family itself, but a small group of senior officials.
Why the Queen made an error of judgement on proroguing Parliament - Joyce McMillan
She conceded that people were perfectly entitled to behave foolishly in her shot while she was reporting from a public place.
And Rivest appeared on WAVE's evening news bulletin Monday to condemn the man again.
After their encounter, Rivest shared a clip on Twitter, writing: "Hey mister, here's your 3 seconds of fame. How about you not touch me? Thanks!!"
He has been issued a summons to appear in court.
The pest has been named as Eric Goodman, with Goodman now charged with misdemeanor harassment with physical contact.
She said "Ooohkay," then "That was not appropriate, let's go to the story," as she regained her composure live on TV station WAVE.
Sara Rivest recoiled at the man's attempted embrace while reporting on a bourbon festival in Louisville, Kentucky, on Wednesday.
A TV reporter has condemned a stranger who pretended to grope her backside then kissed her live on air.
TV report left badly shaken after sex pest kisses her live on air
