Boris Johnson's tax cuts will cost £26billion a year
The IIT Council comprises of top government functionaries, IIT and regulatory officials.
A new model of financial autonomy will also be discussed in the meeting today.
"This autonomy is on the lines of what has been granted to the IIMs under the new IIM Act," a source said on Thursday.
Presently, the HRD Ministry appoints them.
According to sources, the Council will consider a proposal to empower the Boards of Governors of IITs to pick their respective members and chairpersons.
The agenda for the meeting also includes a proposal for the IITs to consider providing students an option to exit a course after six semesters rather than dropping out.
The meeting of the Council, which is the highest decision-making body of all the 23 Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT), will be chaired by Human Resources Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank'.
A new model of financial autonomy, an option for academically weak students to exit early and empowering the Board of Governors to appoint the chairperson are matters likely to be discussed at today's IIT Council meeting, sources said.
Financial autonomy, empowering institutes to appoint chairman on agenda
Yemen was rife with "contempt" and "injustice," Saeed said, adding his brother was treated unfairly by the Huthi rebels who took over the capital in 2014 despite taking no side in Yemen's conflict.
The athlete was proud of his heritage, his brother said, but competing in a country pushed to the brink of famine by a years-long war between the government and rebels had brought challenges.
Saeed saw his brother just hours before he headed to Morocco, where on September 16 he attempted the dangerous swim to the Spanish enclave.
"He loved life, he detested war," he told AFP by phone.
"He was looking for a country that would appreciate his talent and recognise his value as a human being and athlete," his older brother Saeed said.
His family in Yemen's rebel-held capital Sanaa was expected on Friday to bury the 2011 Yemen Kung Fu champion, who had also racked up a series of medals from Asian and Arab championships.
The 25-year-old athlete drowned in the Mediterranean after being swept away as he attempted to swim from Morocco to the Spanish enclave of Melilla last week.
Slim and with a tight-trimmed beard, Yemeni Kung Fu champion Hilal al-Haj dreamed of finding athletic glory in Europe, but a risky sea journey to get there ended in tragedy.
In search of glory, Yemen athlete drowns in Med trying to reach Europe
The Nyandarua County Government has only fenced off various grounds in the constituency which are said to have been set aside for playing fields when the area was being turned into settlement schemes.
Ndaragwa lacks a properly developed public stadium.
Residents of Ndaragwa, being in the extreme north of Nyandarua, seek most services either in Nyahururu town (Laikipia County) or Nyeri town in Nyeri County because reaching the County headquarters in Ol Kalou is expensive.
Shamata is in the Ndaragwa Constituency, whose MP, Jeremiah Kioni, once threatened to push for the area to be annexed to the neighbouring Laikipia County.
She finished eighth in 51.56 seconds in a race won by American Valerie Brisco-Hooks in an Olympic record 48.83.
Shamata is home to Ruth Waithera, the pioneer 400 metres runner who is first Kenya woman to reach an Olympic sprints final, a feat she achieved at the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, USA.
At about 2,800 metres above sea level, the lack of properly developed sports facilities has left a lot of talent to waste away in this rural set-up.
Shamata is the highest settlement area, in terms of altitude, in Nyandarua County and can be ideal for training for budding long distance runners, but only if sports infrastructure is developed.
Kenya: At Shamata Stadium, "Keeper Can't Dive Due to Construction"
Details of the physical measurement test and the physical efficiency test can be found from the recruitment notification released by the Board in March.
TNUSRB selects candidates on the basis of written exam, physical measurement test or the physical efficiency test and document verification.
A total of 8826 vacancies have been announced by the Board.
The recruitment was notified in March for recruitment to the posts of police constables, jail warders and firemen.
List of candidates eligible for the next round of the recruitment has also been released district wise.
The Board has released the final answer key and the cut off marks.
The Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Board (TNUSRB) has released the result of the police constable written exam.
TNUSRB police constable written exam result is available on the official website tnusrbonline.org
TNUSRB Constable Result Declared: Know How To Check
It says the names of specific individuals may be used where there is a historical or legacy link.
The policy, due to be put before the full council for final approval next month, says new streets should be given a Welsh name "consistent with the local heritage and history of the area."
There are 17 primary schools and three secondary schools in the city educating 8,500 pupils in Welsh.
Cardiff is not regarded as a traditional stronghold for the language, but the number of Welsh speakers in the capital has more than doubled over the past 40 years.
However, existing street names in residential communities and suburbs of Cardiff will retain their current names.
The council will also make sure existing signs on city centre streets will be in Welsh and English when they are upgraded.
Cardiff council's cabinet is hoping the move will eventually mean there are as many Welsh street names as English ones in the city and bolster the language.
Language campaigners have welcomed a decision by council leaders in Cardiff to support a plan to give Welsh-only names to new streets in the capital.
Cardiff council backs plan to give new streets Welsh names
The new transit feature is live in Denver and London and will soon be operational in San Francisco, Mexico City, and Paris.
This means cheaper options such as subway and bus schedules may appear at the top of the list, and riders can request notifications when trains or buses they track are delayed.
When riders search for a destination, they will see travel options listed in order of price, including public transit as well as electric bikes and scooters.
That's why we are working to make sure every customer is treated like a VIP, every driver and courier feels like a valued partner, and every city feels like we're a good citizen.
"We recognize that becoming an integral part of people's lives comes with real responsibility," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said.
Among the tech company's most significant moves will be merging its ride-hailing app and food-delivery app Uber Eats, and offering users alternative travel information including bikes, scooters, public transportation, and even helicopters in some locations.
Uber announced the more than 25 changes to its platform at a launch event in San Francisco on Thursday.
Uber has announced a slew of updates to its app - including consolidating its food delivery and ride-hailing services, and a new feature highlighting local public transportation options - in a bid to create "an operating system for everyday life."
Uber overhauls app in quest to build 'operating system for everyday life'
The International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants against Bashir on war crimes and genocide charges in Sudan's Darfur region but has been unable to prosecute him in The Hague.
"They occur because people can buy weapons, they can buy trucks and because people can buy the tools they need to commit these grave violations," she added.
"These crimes do not occur in a vacuum and no funds," said Cynthia Tai, executive director of U.S.-based nonprofit Project Expedite Justice, one of the rights groups supporting the Sudanese victims in the case.
It says BNP was essentially acting as the de-facto central bank for the regime of former president Omar al-Bashir during that period, by allowing it access to financial markets.
This case is different: Rights activists say it's the first effort to hold the bank criminally responsible for alleged complicity in crimes against humanity, genocide and torture in Sudan between 2002-2008.
In 2015, a U.S. judge sentenced the bank to five years of probation and fined it nearly $9 billion after it pleaded guilty to violating United States sanctions against not only Sudan, but also Iran and Cuba.
BNP Paribas has been targeted before over its dealings with Sudan.
Sudanese victims of war crimes Thursday filed a criminal complaint against French bank BNP Paribas for alleged complicity in human rights abuses committed by Sudan's regime.
Sudan: War Crimes Victims Accuse French Bank of Complicity in Regime Abuses
In the video, Pirzada was seen posing with several snakes and an alligator.
The action was taken against the singer after a video, where Rabi Pirzada was seen threatening Prime Minister Narendra Modi with snakes, went viral on social media.
Earlier this month, Punjab Wildlife Protection and Parks Department initiated an action against the singer for illegally keeping four pythons, reptiles and an alligator as pets.
As per a report by The News International, The Model Town Court judge reprimanded the singer for disobeying the court's summon.
A local court on Friday issued an arrest warrant against Pakistani singer Rabi Pirzada over illegal captivity of wild animals.
Arrest Warrant Against Rabi Pirzada For Allegedly Keeping Animals Illegally
iHandy created a popular range of emoji apps that have also been removed from the Google Play Store.
iHandy describes itself as "one of the world's largest mobile application developers" and claims to have 180 million active monthly users in over 200 countries.
Buzzfeed has raised concerns about whether Android users can trust the ad and privacy practices of Chinese developers if Google is taking such drastic actions.
This is the third time in recent months that Google has removed lots of apps from a major Chinese developer.
According to Buzzfeed, Google removed the apps from the Play store last week but won't comment on why it has taken action against iHandy despite Buzzfeed asking several times.
Sweet Camera is just one of the many apps that has been removed despite being downloaded more than 50 million times.
All the apps belong to Chinese developer iHandy and will still be on your phone if you've already downloaded them.
GOOGLE has removed at least 46 Android apps used by millions from its Play store and reportedly won't say why.
Google bans 46 Android apps made by Chinese firm with 50 MILLION downloads - and it won't say why
One of them walked up to the driver's side, and shot Alford.
Three suspects were then seen getting out of that car.
Security video, which has never been released, showed Alford stopped in the drive-thru when a second car pulled up behind him.
"Somebody knows something, they need to say something," he said.
He said he wanted to call attention to his son's unsolved murder.
Alford came back to the scene of the crime exactly one year after his son, Guy Alford III, was gunned down at a Jack In The Box near 52nd and Atlantic.
"I wish I could trade places with you son, I wish I could trade places with you," Guy Alford, the victim's father, said.
LONG BEACH (CBSLA) - It's been one year since a 20-year-old from Long Beach was fatally shot, but the victim's family isn't giving up hope that the shooter will be caught.
Father Remains Hopeful That Suspect Who Fatally Shot Son One Year Ago Will Be Caught - CBS Los Angeles
Pompeo also called on the Assad government to release thousands of unjustly detained prisoners, including American journalist Austin Tice, who has been missing and presumed held by the government for seven years.
He added that the U.S. would provide an additional $4.5 million to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons to fund investigations into other instances of suspected Syrian chemical-weapons use.
"This is different in some sense because it was chlorine... but know that President Trump has been pretty vigorous in protecting the world from the use of chemical weapons," Pompeo said.
In April 2018, the U.S., Britain and France launched airstrikes in Syria in retaliation for what they described as a suspected chemical attack that killed more than 40 people earlier that month.
U.S. officials in May said they'd received reports consistent with a chemical attack in northwest Syria but did not offer a definitive conclusion at the time.
"The Assad regime is responsible for innumerable atrocities some of which rise to the level of war crimes and crimes against humanity," Pompeo told a news conference.
Pompeo said U.S. officials had determined Syrian President Bashar Assad's government had used chlorine in the attack on opposition forces in Idlib province on May 19.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, speaking on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday, said the United States has concluded the Syrian government used chemical weapons in an attack earlier this year.
Pompeo accuses Syria of using chemical weapons in May attack
I would urge anyone who believes they may have information or perhaps may have seen a bicycle or cycling equipment which looked out of place to come forward.
Neither Tony nor his bicycle have been seen since leaving Bridge of Orchy two years ago.
We are determined to provide them with answers and we want to ensure people remain aware that he is missing in case they may have information which could help.
