Chief Inspector Drew Sinclair, Clackmannanshire area commander, said: "Our thoughts very much remain with Tony's family, who have had to endure two years of not knowing where he is or what may have happened to him.
Extensive searches of the area were later carried out, involving mountain rescue, air support, dog teams and civilian volunteers - all to no avail.
He cycled south along the A82 and was last seen at 11.30pm that night outside the Bridge of Orchy Hotel, from where he apparently continued south towards Tyndrum.
Mr Parsons travelled to Fort William by train from his home on Friday, September 29, 2017.
Police have issued a renewed appeal in their search for missing man Tony Parsons (65), from Tillcoultry, who was last seen two years ago this weekend.
Renewed bid to find 65-year-old who disappeared two years ago
The regional health councils' proposal therefore also includes a measure proposing young medical graduates who haven't chosen a specialization yet to be recruited more easily as GPs.
By 2025, 38,000 doctors will have retired (45,000 if you include general practitioners), causing a shortage that will be further aggravated by the fact that Italian universities are not able to train enough graduates to supply hospitals with specialists.
Italy's ageing medical workforce is somewhat of a sleeping giant.
Struggling regional governments are calling for those "who reach 40 years of service at 66-67 years and would like to continue working" to do so.
Currently doctors in Italy can retire once they've turned 65 or having worked for 40 years.
The proposal is part of a 16-point document to be presented to Italy's Ministry of Health in the coming days which aims for there to be a "regulatory amendment on age limits for the retirement of medical personnel."
Short-staffed hospitals across Italy are pushing for the retirement age of the country's physicians to be extended to the age of 70 in their regions.
Regional health authorities are calling on Italy's government to allow them to recruit retired doctors and keep those older than 65 working until they're 70, as a means of tackling their serious shortages of medical practitioners.
'Keep doctors working until they're 70': Struggling Italian hospitals tell government
Filming will take place across the globe, with particular emphasis on Australia.
Deploying innovative new technology to reveal our world in new ways, I'm thrilled that we are working with Sir David on a series which promises spectacle and insight," BBC head of natural history and specialist factual commissioning Tom McDonald added.
Life in Color promises to be a unique and original insight into the natural world.
I am looking forward to seeing the combination of innovative photography and rich analysis to explore the role color plays in animals' lives," BBC Two controller Patrick Holland said.
Any series authored by Sir David is very special and this promises to be exceptional.
Filmmakers will use new cameras built specifically for the show to unveil a world of color normally invisible to human eyes.
The BBC said in a press release Thursday that Life in Color explores the vital role color plays in animal interactions.
The BBC and Netflix are teaming up for the first time to co-produce Life in Colour, a new three-part series.
David Attenborough to narrate 'Life in Colour' for BBC, Netflix
Scharf himself was part of that trend, leaving J.P. Morgan in 2012 to become CEO of credit-card network Visa.
J.P. Morgan has been called a training school for CEOs as Dimon's deputies have gone on to lead vendors including First Data or European banks such as Barclays or Standard Chartered.
Now, Scharf becomes the first of Dimon's proteges to take over a direct competitor to J.P. Morgan Chase, the U.S. financial services giant and the world's most valuable bank by market capitalization.
That helped me mature in business faster.
"I was younger than almost everybody else by 20 years," Scharf, 54, told the alumni magazine of NYU Stern's business school.
That move proved pivotal for Scharf: He quickly became Dimon's right hand man and followed him for the next 25 years in a series of roles at institutions that reshaped the U.S. banking landscape.
Scharf was a senior at Johns Hopkins University when Dimon hired him at Baltimore lender Commercial Credit.
Three decades before Charlie Scharf was named CEO of Wells Fargo, he got his start by mailing his resume to an up-and-coming banker named Jamie Dimon.
At Wells Fargo, a Jamie Dimon protege finally takes over a big US bank
This year, pupils have already taken part in the likes of skiathons, swimathons, hill walks, dog walks and bungee jumps.
Last year, more than 1000 miles were walked, 1000 miles cycled and 101,450ft climbed - earning the school the prestigious Douglas Macmillan Award.
Over the years staff and pupils have organised events such as bake sales, bingo teas, sponsored silences and ceilidhs to raise money.
Alva - located at the foot of the Ochil Hills within Scotland's smallest council area - has raised more than £300,000 for Macmillan since 2004.
Dozens of fundraising coffee mornings are taking place across Scotland on Friday.
Pupils and staff at Alva Academy will welcome the Clackmannanshire community to the school for a day for fun, games, tea, coffee and cake.
Macmillan Cancer Support's top fundraising school in the UK is celebrating the charity's 'World's Biggest Coffee Morning'.
Clackmannanshire: Alva Academy has raised more than £300,000 for Macmillan.
Alva Academy serving up World's Biggest Coffee Morning
Some investors said the bank's overhaul did not go far enough.
Outgoing finance chief Stephan Engels added the latest loosening of policy by the European Central Bank "will not make our lives easier," and that a programme designed to cushion the blow for banks would not fully compensate.
The challenges facing banks are enormous," Zielke said.
Negative interest rates, increasing regulation, a weaker economy and tough competition.
Commerzbank, part owned by the German government after a bailout, has been struggling for years with a legacy of bad debts, high costs and fines, and tough trading conditions have hampered its recovery efforts.
It came as the bank's supervisory board approved plans announced last week to cut thousands of staff and close a fifth of branches following a failed merger with bigger rival Deutsche Bank.
The bank's downgrade was announced late last night.
The challenges facing banks are "enormous," Commerzbank chief executive Martin Zielke said today, after the German lender said it no longer expected a rise in underlying revenues this year.
Banks facing 'enormous' challenges - Commerzbank boss
He suffers from schizophrenia, which is why he was found not criminally responsible, but has since been seeing a psychiatrist and taking his medication.
It was a violent and unpredictable attack.
De Grood did stab and kill five people during a psychotic break.
First, let's examine the more pessimistic side.
There are two sides to this: one citing his violent behaviour in the past, calling to prevent it from happening again, and the other side which believes in the power of change and rehabilitation.
The decision won't come for a few more weeks, so in the meantime we're left to wonder whether or not this is a good idea.
Now, in 2019, there is a hearing to determine whether or not he should be allowed more freedoms, such as unsupervised outings.
In 2016, Matthew de Grood, the man who killed five people at a house party in Calgary, was found to be not criminally responsible for his actions.
Matt de Grood shouldn't be punished because of schizophrenia stigma
Armed groups currently control most of the country and carry out deadly attacks on displaced people's camps and other communities despite a peace agreement.
The helicopter is part of a Senegalese fleet working in Central African Republic, where large-scale violence began in 2013.
The Senegalese were in contact with the U.N. to evacuate the wounded soldier and repatriate the bodies.
The U.N. mission said it appeared that poor atmospheric conditions had made a proper landing impossible.
Another person was badly wounded.
The air force helicopter was returning from an operational mission with the United Nations peacekeeping force when it crashed in the town of Bouar.
Three Senegalese soldiers died after their helicopter crashed in Central African Republic on Friday, Senegal's armed forces said.
Senegal helicopter crashes in C. African Republic, killing 3
Cory and Craig Cannane will represent their country alongside one another.
I play wheelchair basketball with Cory on Wednesday nights socially but he can't play in tournaments.
You can be able bodied and play and that attracts some great people to our game.
"It's a game that doesn't discriminate," Cannane said.
In his eyes, once you get a glimpse of wheelchair rugby league, you'll be hooked.
Cannane called for curious fans to attend the two Test series against England next month.
To get the chance to show what we can do together - here in Sydney - words can't describe it, really.
As a father you really couldn't ask for anything better.
Father son duo make Australian wheelchair rugby league history
Clegg won't be the only Scot taking part this year with Glasgow-born actor John Barrowman joining the judging panel.
The Paralympic champion will be joined by a host of celebrities including veteran comedian and TV host Michael Barrymore, Love Island star Maura Higgins and former Republic of Ireland international footballer Kevin Kilbane.
I love challenging myself and experiencing new things."
This opportunity came about and I couldn't pass it up.
She said appearing on the hit show was an opportunity that she couldn't pass up: "After Rio I achieved my ultimate goal and then I thought 'what else can I do?'
The 29-year-old athlete, who gave birth to her son Edward five-months ago, has a deteriorating eye condition called Stargardt's Macular Dystrophy, which gives her only slight peripheral vision in her left eye.
The sprinter, who won a gold medal for Scotland at Glasgow 2014 and two for the UK at Rio 2016, will be the show's first registered blind competitor.
Scottish Paralympian Libby Clegg has been announced as a contestant on the next series of Dancing On Ice.
Paralympian to be first blind Dancing on Ice contestant
The group said veterinarians from the University of Las Palmas in Spain's Canary Islands are due in the coming days to perform tests.
BIOS Cape Verde, a volunteer environmental association in the former Portuguese colony, said on its Facebook page on Friday it took samples from 50 dolphins and four others were placed in deep freeze by the local council.
Bulldozers buried 136 dead dolphins.
Officials, residents and tourists managed to drag some of them back out to sea, but many returned.
Local media report that around 200 melon-headed dolphins were found on a beach on Boa Vista island on Tuesday.
More than 100 dolphins have mysteriously died on a beach in the Cape Verde islands off West Africa.
One hundred dolphins die on African beach
He recognised the Scottish defence and what he was up against.
I thought he was absolutely superb (against Scotland).
Speaking on the RTÉ Rugby Podcast, Ferris argues that Carty has been the most "consistent" out-half in the Irish system across 2019 - including Johnny Sexton.
A few years back, there was a host of out-half candidates vying for the tag of understudy to Johnny Sexton, and the Athlone-born out-half has emerged from the pack to challenge Joey Carbery for the role.
Carty has been handed his second international start against Japan on Saturday, the first coming in the World Cup warm-up win over Wales in Cardiff late last month.
He has appeared eight times since then, impressing on each occasion, including a delightful performance on being introduced in the second half of Ireland's demolition of Scotland on Sunday.
The 27-year old Carty only made his international debut in late February, as a late replacement in Ireland's rather unconvincing victory over Italy in the Six Nations.
