Stephen Ferris says Jack Carty's selection against Japan is a reward for his consistency of performance over the past year with both Connacht and Ireland.
Carty is most consistent Irish out-half in 2019
"I am in total shock that this happened in peak hour on a Friday morning in front of children just going to school," she said.
The kids' mum then posted it to Facebook, telling the publication she was left in disgust by the whole incident.
The footage was filmed by two students as a way of exposing the man's vile behaviour, according to the Penrith Press.
The footage shows a male passenger, believed to be in his late teens, leaning against a pole near the carriage doors and urinating onto the ground.
Doing this in front of kids on their way to school this morning.
"Share this pig around," she wrote.
A video of the incident, which occurred at around 8.30am this morning on a train travelling between Werrington and Kingswood, was posted to Facebook by Sydney woman Jordy Lee.
Disgusting video footage has emerged of a passenger urinating on a Sydney train as horrified school students watch just metres away.
Passenger caught urinating on Sydney train
The comments caused a stir in Pakistani media, where cricket gossip is widely reported.
I was disappointed because I loved every second of that job.
Misbah will do a good job, Misbah is a good guy and Pakistan cricket made their decision.
Arthur refused to speak ill of Misbah in the interview.
"And it just happened to be that Misbah was on the committee that didn't renew our contracts and becomes this heir-apparent," he added.
"I guess the only disappointment I have out of the whole lot is that there were some people I really trusted who ultimately didn't follow through," said Arthur during the interview.
Arthur said he had supported the participation of both Wasim and Misbah on the committee but was disappointed with the decision after placing his trust in them.
The committee decided against renewing Arthur's contract, which paved the way for Misbah to be named the country's chief selector and new head coach.
Mickey Arthur Says Remarks About Wasim Akram, Misbah-Ul-Haq Were "Dignified"
He again visited the country as president in 2006.
India and France have a strategic partnership, initiated in January 1998 during Jacques Chirac's first visit to India.
A friend of India, he played a decisive role in establishing and building India-France Strategic Partnership," Prime Minister Modi tweeted.
India mourns the loss of a true global statesman.
My deepest condolences on passing away of Jacques Chirac.
He served as the president of France from 1995 to 2007.
Jacques Chirac, who supported India after it conducted nuclear tests in 1998, died on Thursday at age 86.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled the death of former French president Jacques Chirac, saying India mourns the loss of a true global statesman and friend.
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India
Amari didn't tell her family about the incident until after her grandmother noticed the length of her hair had changed.
According to WUSA, one of the boys allegedly covered Amari's mouth while another held her hands behind her back and a third took a pair of scissors to her dreadlocks.
They called me 'an attention-seeker.'
They called me 'ugly,' said, 'I shouldn't have been born.'
"They kept laughing and calling me names," Amari told CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, tearing up.
Amari Allen, a 12-year-old student at the private K-12 Christian school, said the boys called her dreadlocks "ugly" and "nappy" before cutting them off on the playground during recess.
The incident took place at Immanuel Christian School - where Vice President Mike Pence's wife, Karen Pence, is a teacher.
A black middle school student from Virginia is accusing three white boys of pinning her down and cutting off her dreadlocks.
Immanuel Christian School: Sixth-grade boys accused of pinning down black girl and cutting off her dreadlocks in Virginia
Maria da Piedade de Jesus stated that the intention is to transform the Iron Palace into a space for cultural interaction, as well as serving as a workshop for the discovery of new values of Angolan culture.
The Iron Palace is a historic building believed to be the work of Gustave Eiffel.
The one floor and three-exhibition rooms infrastructure maintains the originality of the material used, ensuring better quality of the structure.
Maria de Jesus said that the objective is to make better use of infrastructure and making it available to the public.
This was during an audience granted to the French ambassador to Angola, Sylvain Itté, on Friday in Luanda aimed at strengthening cultural cooperation between the countries.
Luanda - Angola's minister of Culture Maria da Piedade de Jesus has spoke of the need to boost and revive the Iron Palace in Luanda, turning the site into a Cultural Center.
Angola: Minister Stresses Need to Revamp Iron Palace
She added that having Meghan present 'didn't feel hierarchical', as it was 'women gathered together and a talk about the struggles we have, as well as the things we need to do to move forward and grow and change our societies'.
We both have sons, and we were bearing in mind that we are not just role models for girls but boys - and not just our sons, but generally in public too.
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.
During a conversation with the female tech founders Meghan, who has campaigned vigorously for the empowerment of young women and girls, said she hopes to do the same for young men.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
Woodstock Exchange, the UK-SA Tech Hub, focuses on skills development and access to markets by assisting entrepreneurs, particularly women, to acquire skills, resources and support.
The Duchess of Sussex, 38, reportedly made the remarks during an event for inspiring female entrepreneurs at Woodstock Exchange in Cape Town earlier this week during her tour of South Africa with husband Prince Harry.
Meghan Markle is determined to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and not let her own needs 'fade away' now she's a member of the Royal Family - and wants to be a role model for young boys as well as girls.
Meghan to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and refuses let own needs 'fade away' amid her royal duties
The source added that the other opposition parties, and the 34 independent MPs, would have to come round to backing Corbyn, if they want to be certain of avoiding a no deal Brexit.
Whether people like it or not, the temporary prime minister has to be Corbyn.
Trying to find a compromise candidate, a national unity candidate, is too complicated, especially in the time we have.
The convention is absolutely clear that it is the leader of the opposition - in this case Jeremy Corbyn - who should become prime minister in those circumstances.
"It is increasingly clear that we will have to install a new prime minister via a vote of no confidence, so that we can request a delay to Brexit and hold an election," a source told ITV News.
A new PM could then approach Brussells to agree an extension to Article 50 before calling a general election.
The Nationalists are concerned there is little time left to agree a compromise candidate among opposition parties to replace Boris Johnson, if he were to be forced from office by a vote of no confidence.
The SNP leadership is reportedly open to the prospect of Jeremy Corbyn being installed as prime minister on a temporary basis in order to avoid a no deal Brexit.
SNP considers installing Jeremy Corbyn as temporary prime minister
Tullow was expected to transfer 21 per cent of its 33.3 per cent in Kingfisher Blocks to Total and CNOOC.
The companies failed to agree with the government on tax and how much money must be counted as recoverable costs.
The deal fell apart after the two-year grace period for negotiations expired.
This is the first time Mr Museveni is publicly speaking about the companies since the collapse of the deal where Tullow Oil was expected to sell part of its interests in the Albertine Graben to Total E&P and China National Offshore Oil Company (CNOOC).
We shall resolve their issues," Mr Museveni told delegates, indicating he would be meeting them soon.
I was supposed to meet them in New York but I had more important issues to do here.
Mr Museveni, who was speaking at the 5th oil and gas summit at Serena Hotel in Kampala on Wednesday evening, said he "expected to resolve their issues."
President Museveni has said he is in touch with the executives of oil companies and was expected to meet with them at the UN General Assembly to discuss the current impasse in the sector and chart a way forward.
Uganda: Impasse On Uganda's Oil Sector Short-Lived, Says Museveni
He said: "I'm not usually one to toot my own meme horn but in this case I'll make an exception.
Over on his fundraising page, he laid out the reasons for choosing to support the MS charity.
It would mean a lot to me and to those I know affected by the disease!
If this GIF has ever brought you joy in the past, I humbly ask you to consider making a donation to the National MS Society.
Mr Scanlon made use of his Twitter fame to raise money for the charity bike ride, saying: "Hi Internet!
He also directed his large following towards his fundraising page to amass more than $37,000.
Now he has cycled 120 miles from San Francisco to Wine Country for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society with a team of 10 bikers.
Drew Scanlon, 33, went viral when he became the face of the go-to GIF for users puzzled by some of the idiotic comments being spouted online.
The man in the "white guy blinking" meme is now using his fame to raise money for a Multiple Sclerosis charity.
"Leave me alone," The New York Times reported.
"You got what you wanted, Mike," she told him.
On election night, LoBianco reports in his book, Karen Pence refused to kiss her husband.
But her husband concluded it was too late to drop off the ticket.
"Karen ... "was livid" at Trump's prurient comments in the "Access Hollywood" tape," The New York Times wrote in a Friday morning article covering LoBianco's book.
The notorious tape featured Donald Trump in 2005 bragging about grabbing women "by the pussy" without their consent.
Reporter Tom LoBianco, who covered Pence for The Associated Press and Indianapolis Star, reveals in his new book "Piety & Power: Mike Pence and the Taking of the White House" that Karen Pence was very unhappy with the recording.
Karen Pence, wife of Vice President Mike Pence, was reportedly "livid" about that infamous "Access Hollywood" tape that surfaced a month before the 2016 presidential election.
Karen Pence Was Reportedly 'Livid' With Trump's 'Access Hollywood' Tape
He finished sixth in heat number five and 27th overall to miss out of the semifinals.
Ayyasamy could only clock 50.55 as he lost precious time after hitting the final hurdle.
He has a season's and personal best of 49.13.
Later in the day, Jabir finished third in the heat number one and 11th overall in men's 400m hurdle with a time of 49.62 seconds to qualify for the semifinals to be held on Saturday.
His effort was well below his season's best of 8.00m, which he had produced only last month in Patiala.
The 20-year-old Sreeshankar could only produce a best jump of 7.62m from his three attempts in the qualification B to finish 22nd overall.
Another 400m hurdler Dharun Ayyasamy, the national record holder, tumbled after the last hurdle in his heat to fail to qualify for the semifinals.
Long jumper M Sreeshankar failed to reach the final after a disappointing performance while 400m hurdler MP Jabir made it to the semifinals on the opening day of the World Athletics Championships in Doha on Friday.
World Athletics Championships: MP Jabir Qualifies For 400m Hurdle Semifinals, Long Jumper M Sreeshankar Disappoints
For the investigation, Which? analysed 355 tariffs offering renewable electricity tariffs in June 2019 and found 20 suppliers selling 100 per cent renewable electricity tariffs without contracts to buy any renewable electricity.
