People can only make informed decisions about where to buy their energy from if firms are more upfront and transparent about their green credentials.
We believe there needs to be greater clarity on how renewable electricity is defined and marketed.
Editor-in-chief, said: 'As consumers grow ever-more environmentally-conscious, it's concerning that some suppliers appear to be "greenwashing" their energy tariffs, which could risk misleading customers.'
The consumer champion is calling on the government department Ofgem to offer greater clarity on how renewable energy is defined as the current system allows suppliers to rely exclusively on REGOs, "greenwash" their tariffs, and do "very little" to support new renewable electricity generation.
One supplier states "electricity supplied to your home is 100 per cent green," which Which? says is "impossible" to guarantee.
Energy suppliers accused of 'greenwashing' tariffs to attract environmentally friendly customers
The undefeated 28-year-old said the grinding work has him primed to take out Mongolian Amarsanaa Tsogookhuu in Jakarta on October 25.
The reflection was born on the back of a hard training session run by former UFC welterweight champion Robbie Lawler at Hard Knocks MMA gym - Carusos's home away form home.
Some days I'll walk away, some rounds I've lost badly, but previous to that, back home, I was never getting challenged.
Of course you can kick and catch the same, but the temper, the pace, it's not the same.
"Imagine you're playing in the AFL but you're training with an amateur club, then you go out on a Saturday and play with the AFL boys," he said.
And a new life in Florida, sparring with the world's fighters in preparation for his ONE Championship MMA debut, has surprising throwbacks to his amateur football days at Salisbury West.
On face value the sports are polar opposites, but the training and mental dedication needed to succeed run on tight parallel.
Antonio Caruso can see a lot of resemblances between AFL and fighting one-on-one inside a cage.
Antonio Caruso to fight Amarsanaa Tsogookhuu in Jakarta
The Justice Department later said it was opening a probe of online platforms.
Reuters and others reported in June the two federal agencies had divided up responsibility for the companies being investigated, with the Justice Department taking Google and Apple while the FTC looked at Facebook and Amazon.
Facebook declined to comment on Wednesday.
The company, which owns one-time rivals Instagram and WhatsApp and has 2.4 billion monthly users, recently paid a $5 billion settlement for sharing 87 million users' data with defunct British political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica.
Facebook has faced extra scrutiny tied to how it allowed its platforms to be used during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Large tech companies, including Apple Inc, Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google, have increasingly been on the defensive in recent years over lapses such as privacy breaches and outsized market influence.
Facebook also faces probes by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), a group of state attorneys general led by New York and the House of Representatives Judiciary Committee.
The U.S. Justice Department will open an antitrust investigation of Facebook Inc, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday, marking the fourth recent antitrust probe of the social media company.
Justice Department To Open Facebook Antitrust Investigation, Source Says
This is something they were saying from the day he was declared dead.
The Mugabe family had said they don't want anything to do with the heroes acre.
Reacting to the latest development on Mugabe's burial, Maureen Kademaunga of the Movement for Democratic Change led by Nelson Chamisa, told VOA Zimbabwe Service that the late former president's burial saga will cost the nation huge sums of money as a mausoleum being built in Harare has been abandoned without proper consultations with relevant stakeholders.
Government will render all the necessary support to give the late former president a fitting burial as led by the family.
In line with government policy to respect the wishes of families of deceased heroes, government is cooperating with the Mugabe family in their new position.
The family of the later former President R. G. Mugabe has expressed its desire to proceed with his burial in Zvimba.
In an interview, Information Secretary, Nick Mangwana, said the family has a right to designate the burial place of the former Zimbabwean leader, who died of cancer on September 6th in Singapore.
The Zimbabwean government has given the family of the late former president Robert Mugabe a go ahead to bury him in Zvimba communal lands, Mashonaland West, instead of a so-called mausoleum being constructed at the National Heroes Acre.
Mugabe Burial Set for Zvimba As Govt Gives in to Family Demands
"It is taking a while for agents to get up to speed with pricing and the valuation may not be as reflective as the mood on the ground," she said.
Ms Conisbee said the price guides and reserves that have been broken by so much is from a combination of factors including limited stock, buyer confidence and real estate agents remaining cautious.
"The inner city and eastern suburbs are seeing the best conditions, with strong search activity that is now flowing through to pricing, while other parts of Sydney remain stable," she said.
REA chief economist Nerida Conisbee said Sydney is a tale of two cities at the moment and it is causing volatile results.
The mixed market has seen a small but stable growth in price, with CoreLogic August monthly home value index showing a 1.6 per cent increase in house prices.
Since the federal election, record low interest rates and the loosening of lending requirements, the Sydney market has seen plenty of mixed results, with many houses selling for hundred thousands of dollars above the reserve, while others are only just selling.
Experts say that in a market that is seeing the Sydney clearance rate hover around 80 per cent and a lack of stock, buyers need to be patient to avoid having FOMO, the fear-of-missing-out.
House hunters need to have a game plan that they are prepared to obey to combat a turbulent Sydney market that is throwing up plenty of conflicting results.
How to navigate the Sydney market this spring
Ms Phillips said the Prime Minister "isn't helping" though she does not blame him, but added: "If he doesn't change his strategy, I absolutely will."
The alleged attack on her office came as Boris Johnson came under scrutiny for his use of "inflammatory" language, with Jeremy Corbyn saying the Tory was encouraging people to act in "disgraceful and abusive" ways.
You and your Remain friends have been warned.
The person standing behind you may not be friendly.
"Unless you change your attitude, be afraid, be very afraid... wherever you are, keep looking over your shoulder," it read.
She told Sky News she has received death threats overnight and has been left feeling "jumpy and worried and frightened," as she revealed the contents of an email she has shared with police.
The Birmingham Yardley MP said her staff had to be confined to her constituency office as a man allegedly kicked the door, tried to smash windows and yelled she was a "fascist."
Jess Phillips has said she feels "jumpy and worried" after a man was arrested outside the Labour MP's office and she received threats aimed at "you and your Remain friends."
Jess Phillips says she got email threatening "you and your Remain friends"
And I hope that Scottish Conservatives get the credit they deserve for the hundreds of millions of extra funding that we're putting into Scottish agriculture which was secured, not by Nicola Sturgeon, but by Scottish Conservatives.'
'I hope the money that we are now investing is properly spent on those services.
First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon has supported the possibility of a second independence referendum.
They are not doing a good job on health, they are not doing a good job on education."
In an interview with BBC Scotland, Mr Johnson said: "They have the highest taxes anywhere in the UK.
He also reiterated his strong opposition to a second Scottish independence referendum.
Speaking ahead of the Conservative party conference, Boris Johnson said he would accelerate measures to create "a much stronger Scottish economy" whether there is a deal or no-deal Brexit.
The Prime Minister has attacked the SNP, saying he plans to introduce measures to "compensate for the grave inadequacies" of the Scottish government.
Boris Johnson attacks Scottish government for 'grave inadequacies'
"IAF and Army helicopters were also launched from Misamari, Guwahati and Hashimara," it added.
The wreckage has been located.
Ground search and rescue was launched immediately from Yonphula.
"The helicopter was on way from Khirmu (Arunanchal) to Yonphula on duty," the Army said in a statement.
The helicopter went out of radio and visual contact soon after 1 pm.
In an unfortunate incident, an Indian Army helicopter has crashed at 1 pm near Yonphula in Bhutan.
The chopper that took off from Khirmu in Arunachal Pradesh lost contact near Yonphula, the Army said, adding that the wreckage has been located.
An Indian Military Training Team (IMTRAT) helicopter crashed in eastern Bhutan on Friday, killing two people, including a Bhutanese pilot.
Indian Military Training Team Chopper Crashes In Bhutan, 2 Dead
"However, the US has done nothing for implementing the joint statement," the North Korean official said.
He pointed to North Korea's repatriation of American detainees "who committed hostile acts" against the country and the return of remains of soldiers killed during the 1950-53 Korean War.
The Foreign Ministry adviser said North Korea "has made sincere efforts to build trust" and implement the joint Washington-Pyongyang statement issued after the first summit between Kim and Mr Trump in Singapore last year.
While past summits were "historic occasions" for the two leaders "to express their political will to put an end to the hostile relations between the two countries and have peace and stability settled on the Korean peninsula," Kim Kye Gwan said "no practical follow-up was made to implement the issues agreed upon at the summit talks."
But he was critical of US inaction since the summits.
"It draws my keen interest that it is highly topical these days in the US to hold another DPRK-US summit," the adviser said, using the initials of the country's official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
A statement from Foreign Ministry adviser Kim Kye Gwan circulated by North Korea's UN mission came days after Mr Trump said, without elaborating, that another summit meeting with Kim "could happen soon."
North Korea accused the United States of doing nothing to implement issues agreed on at summits between US President Donald Trump and the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, but said it is placing hope in the US president's "wise option and bold decision."
North Korea slams US "inaction" on lifting sanctions after nuclear talks
Banging drums and holding pictures of Thunberg, protesters walked through the city center with placards reading: "For the Greta good," "Don't be a fossil fool," and "You will die of old age, we will die of climate change."
"This strike is going to have a lot of effect when people keep showing up, not just today but also in the future and we see different kinds of people from all walks of life," said protester Reinder Rustema.
Thunberg, 16, gave an impassioned address at the United Nations in New York this week, after millions of people worldwide joined a climate strike protest last Friday in the run-up to a U.N. climate summit.
Police were forced to reroute the march to a location with more space.
Turnout at the march in The Hague exceeded expectations with organizers estimating the crowd at about 35,000.
A participant holds a drawing depicting Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg during a protest march to call for action against climate change, in The Hague, Netherlands September 27, 2019.
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Thousands of Dutch children skipped school to join a global climate strike on Friday, blocking traffic and asking their leaders "how dare you?" in a reference to Swedish teenage activist Greta Thunberg's speech at the United Nations.
Thunberg's U.N. speech inspires Dutch climate protesters
How dare you?
Alisson's injury was serious but in the last two weeks he progressed really, really well.
I'm not a doctor, I take their information.
Maybe he can train with the team from Sunday on.
He's not in contention for tomorrow.
"Alisson looks like he is close, but the final word is with the medical department," said manager Jurgen Klopp.
It will come too late for him to be considered for Saturday's lunchtime kick-off at Sheffield United but he is set to rejoin the group 24 hours later as preparations start for the Champions League tie at home to Red Bull Salzburg.
The Brazil international has been sidelined with a calf injury since the opening match of the season on 9 August.
Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson Becker is expected to make his long-awaited return to first-team training this weekend.
Liverpool's Allison set to resume first-team training
It could be the first of a number of new Ballie Ballerson venues too, with Armstrong also revealing that they're currently "seeking additional locations," which may expand into other parts of the country.
Our whole aesthetic has really taken a step up from our pop-up origins to meet the expectations that come with being in such a competitive location.
Having a ball: The original site quickly became a favourite after opening in 2016
Founder Wenny Armstrong told the Standard: "We have introduced touches, such as our Soho Sundown ball pit, to create a part of the experience that gently reflects the history of the area, as well as an exclusive Soho inspired cocktail and pizza.
