Guests at Berwick Street can expect a colourful, neon-lit setting, and a cocktail list featuring the likes of the Soho Sundown - mixed up out of rhubarb gin, lemon juice, syrup and meringue.
Ballie Ballerson's original Shoreditch site quickly became a favourite with Londoners after opening in 2016, boasting the world's largest permanent ball pit.
The ball pool cocktail bar is opening a new venue on Berwick Street, with 6,000 square feet of ball pits.
Ballie Ballerson is opening a second site in Soho this evening, and the Standard has an exclusive first look.
Ballie Ballerson Soho: Exclusive first look at the new ball pit cocktail bar
Milli got a knock in his back against MK Dons early in the game, he looked a bit awkward after the game but he should be good.
"Shaq is not ready yet, he's doing rehab stuff," said Klopp.
Klopp also confirmed that Xherdan Shaqiri remains sidelined while James Milner is expected to overcome a back injury he suffered in the win over MK Dons.
"Both trained yesterday, Sadio and Div [Divock Origi], completely normal, no issues," said the Liverpool manager.
But Mane trained with his Liverpool teammates on Thursday and Klopp has no concerns over the forward ahead of his side's trip to Bramall Lane in Saturday's early kick-off.
The Senegal international suffered a knock and a dead leg in Liverpool's 2-1 win over Chelsea last Sunday and missed the 2-0 victory over MK Dons in the Carabao Cup on Wednesday evening.
Sadio Mane is available for Liverpool's clash with Sheffield United on Saturday.
Jurgen Klopp provides update on Sadio Mane injury ahead of Liverpool's trip to Sheffield United
Representatives for both Toyota and Subaru said the news was not something that had been announced by their companies.
Subaru is likely to reciprocate with a stake in Toyota that would roughly equal the value of Toyota's additional investment, one of the people told Reuters.
Toyota's investment is likely to cost more than 70 billion yen ($650 million) based on Subaru's stock market value, said the Nikkei business daily, which first reported the news.
Traditional carmakers, especially smaller ones like Subaru and Suzuki, are struggling to meet the fast pace of change in an industry being transformed by the rise of electric vehicles, ride-hailing and autonomous driving.
Such tie-ups highlight how automakers are scrambling to chase scale, manage costs and boost development.
The investment would come a month after Toyota and another smaller Japanese automaker, Suzuki Motor, said they would take small equity stakes in each other.
The deal is due to be approved at a Toyota board meeting on Friday, the people said, declining to be identified because the information has not been made public.
Toyota Motor plans to raise its stake in Subaru to more than 20% from around 17% now, a deal that would also see the smaller firm invest in Japan's top automaker, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said on Friday.
Toyota said to be increasing stake in Subaru to more than 20%
Another, Yash, added: "Sell him as a gift."
Gooner Zaki wrote: "Announce six month holiday as birthday present."
The reports happened to pop up on Xhaka's 27th birthday and critics used a club well-wishing post to vent their frustration.
Many Gunners fans are ready to get behind the Swiss midfielder but others see him as a liability.
And on Friday news broke that Xhaka was to be named the official replacement of Laurent Koscielny, who controversially left Arsenal in the summer.
Xhaka's appointment has divided supporters
Reports indicate that Unai Emery entrusted the decision to his squad, having originally picked a five-strong group of leaders to rotate the armband.
THE NEWS that Granit Xhaka is set to be announced as Arsenal's club captain has been met with agony by many Gooners.
Arsenal fans in meltdown over Xhaka becoming captain... but rival supporters think it's hilarious - The Sun
Specialist officers have been supporting them since Melissa was involved in the collision on Wednesday night and they continue to do so.
Northumbria Police Chief Inspector Chris Grice said: 'This is understandably a difficult time for the family and it is something that nobody should have to go through.'
Two 23-year-old men were arrested, as well as two women in the wake of the smash.
Police announced on Thursday that, after being rushed to hospital with devastating injuries, the little girl sadly died.
Melissa Tate, 10, was hit by the car in the Kenton area of the city at about 6.40pm on Wednesday.
The schoolgirl who died from catastrophic injuries following a suspected hit-and-run in Newcastle has been pictured for the first time.
Melissa Tate, 10, who was rushed to a local hospital, died of catastrophic injuries
The schoolgirl was hit by a car in Newcastle at around 6.40pm Wednesday night
Pictured: Schoolgirl, 10, who died after a suspected hit-and-run in Newcastle
Frasers Property Australia's development director Warwick Dowler said connectivity is an important part of the criteria for housing people with a disability.
"Summer Housing's delivery model is a contemporary one that brings accessible and affordable housing and support together with smart home technology to give individuals greater choice and control over how they live," he said.
Mr McLennan said the right housing and support in the right location can increase a person's quality of life and independence, while reducing lifetime care costs.
The deal, struck between Fraser Property Australia and disability housing provider Summer Housing, increases the range and scale of housing options available for those with disabilities, according to Summer Housing Australia chief executive officer Dan McLennan.
Prior to moving in, the apartments will be kitted out with everything disabled people need to meet High Physical Support benchmarks for residential disability housing under the National Disability Insurance Scheme.
The development is to include a 19-storey residential tower and will be completed in the second half of 2020.
The development, located at Edmondson Park near Liverpool, will feature more than 992 apartments and 892 terraces and townhomes with a range of styles and floorplans across six hectares of open land.
Ten new apartments will be designed and built for young people with disabilities in Fraser Property Australia's western Sydney development Ed. Square, with one more apartment set aside for an on-site support worker.
New units to cater for disabled residents
The plant is among the highest-risk industrial sites in Europe.
Interior Minister Christophe Castaner said people in fragile health should remain indoors through Friday night.
The administration warned of a new odor released after the fire was put out, saying it could spread to neighboring regions.
Firefighters are still on the scene.
The head of the regional administration said Friday the fire was extinguished Thursday night after nearly 24 hours.
No one was injured in Thursday's fire at a lubricant plant in Rouen, but residents have expressed concern about possible health risks and consequences for the nearby Seine River.
PARIS (AP) - French authorities and Normandy residents are clearing up residue from a huge fire at a chemical plant as a foul stench continues to spread over a swath of territory.
French chemical fire extinguished as questions mount
Biffa was convicted of two counts of breaching waste transportation laws between May and June 2015 after a three-week trial at Wood Green crown court in north London in June.
Shipping heavily contaminated waste to the country has been illegal since 2006 because it is not part of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Biffa Waste Services, the second largest recycling company in the UK, claimed the bales contained 98.5% waste paper, which can be legally transported to China.
Environment Agency inspectors also found women's underwear, bags of dog excrement and a 12-inch record by the 90s band Deee-Lite.
Other items found during the search included laminate flooring, coat hangers, pet food containers, latex gloves and pieces of china.
A search of seven 25-tonne shipping containers bound for China at Felixstowe port in Suffolk found waste items including plastic containers, plastic bags, scrap metal and electrical debris.
Items found in the bales included sanitary towels, nappies, wet wipes and condoms - with the shipping containers reeking of vomit.
The waste management firm Biffa has been fined £350,000 for trying to ship household rubbish to China labelled as wastepaper fit for recycling.
Biffa fined for trying to ship household waste to China
They included a pilot, airport workers and airport police.
More than 100 "credible witnesses" were interviewed, who were "used to working in a complex airport environment."
Assistant chief constable Dave Miller, head of operations command, said: "This was a serious and deliberate criminal act designed to endanger airport operations and the safety of the travelling public."
The policing operation and subsequent investigation have cost £800,000.
The closure of Gatwick airport cost airlines around £50m in lost revenue and passenger care costs.
Between 18 and 20 December, two "unmanned aerial vehicles" closed the world's busiest runway for 33 hours - cancelling 1,000 flights and disrupting the travel plans of 150,000 travellers.
But after nine months of investigation, police responsible for the airport say they may never find the culprit.
Whoever flew the drones that closed Gatwick during the busiest week of the winter "had detailed knowledge of the airport," according to Sussex Police.
Gatwick airport drone shutdown could have been an inside job, police say
Renfrewshire-based Barrhead added that there continues to be growing customer demand for specialist holidays such as adventure travel, weddings and honeymoons, river cruise and luxury.
Its "Brilliant Travel" division is also fast-tracking applications for up to 100 additional homeworkers or those looking to start their own independent agency.
Barrhead said former Thomas Cook employees "will bring a wealth of experience to the Barrhead Travel family and are being actively encouraged to contact the Barrhead Travel recruitment line."
It plans on using a team to travel to meet potential candidates over the coming weeks.
Barrhead has created positions throughout its UK store network, with new jobs across Scottish cities and towns including Glasgow, Edinburgh, Dundee and Aberdeen.
It had more than 600 branches, including about 30 in Scotland.
Thomas Cook - the world's oldest travel firm - folded at the start of this week, prompting the loss of 21,000 jobs worldwide, about 9,000 of them in the UK.
Scots holiday firm Barrhead Travel has thrown a lifeline to scores of Thomas Cook staff who lost their jobs with its recent collapse, by opening up 100 positions across its 34 branded stores.
Barrhead Travel opens up 100 jobs for former Thomas Cook staff
That is the man who chairs the mighty House Intelligence Committee.
Keep in mind, that isn't some guy babbling in the men's room at Starbucks.
"He recently went into a kind of trance and delivered his own prophetic version of what he believed must have happened between President Trump and the president of Ukraine," said Carlson, who showed a clip of Thursday's congressional hearing chaired by Schiff.
Then Carlson, who declared that it's "hard to believe" that Trump's actions are an impeachable offense, ratcheted up his takedown of the California lawmaker.
Carlson was leading into Schiff's improvised version of President Donald Trump's phone call with Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelensky, in which the president repeatedly pressured Zelensky to investigate Joe Biden and his son Hunter as U.S. military aid was temporarily blocked.
This coming from a guy who called white supremacy a hoax.
"The prime example is Adam Schiff," the host said on "Tucker Carlson Tonight."
Fox News host Tucker Carlson on Thursday called House Intelligence Committee Chair Adam Schiff "demonstrably mentally ill" in a rant about those who say "extreme and mindless things" to get on television.
Tucker Carlson Calls Adam Schiff 'Demonstrably Mentally Ill'
The Government plans to double the size of the audio-visual sector over the next five years by increasing production activity and doubling the numbers of people employed in the sector to 24,000.
He will meet with senior executives from some of the world's leading streaming companies, studios and networks, including Netflix, Hulu, Skydance and Fox Searchlight.
The Taoiseach is in Los Angeles for a two-day trade mission focused on Ireland's growing television and film industries.
It is the latest in a series of new foreign diplomatic missions that have been opened as part of "Global Ireland," a government initiative that aims to double Ireland's international presence by 2025.
Leo Varadkar was accompanied by the Mayor of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti at the ceremony.
The Taoiseach has opened a new Consulate General of Ireland in Los Angeles.
Taoiseach opens new Irish Consulate in LA
