These awards are a small attempt by a group of people in public life - of different and no political persuasions - to shine a spotlight on politicians who argue their case with decency and civility, and are able to engage and work with people across the divides that affect us all."
As divisions and bitterness mount in the continuing debates around Brexit, we strongly believe that politics has to respond not by mirroring these trends, but by bucking them.
Lord Stewart, announcing the awards, said: "Everyone agrees that politics in the UK is facing a crisis of trust and a crisis of civility.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for the tone of language he has used in the Commons chamber.
To counter the division, the "Civility in Politics" awards were announced on Friday, with the politician of the year to be awarded £3,000 to give to charity.
It was marked by threats against MPs and outrage over the language used by the likes of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
It comes after a divisive week in Westminster following the return of Parliament.
A new awards scheme has been set up to recognise politicians who show courtesy in their work.
Civility in Politics: New awards scheme set up to counter Westminster division and recognise politicians who show courtesy
Her concerns are rooted in details from the whistleblower's report, which states that multiple U.S. officials were aware of Trump's actions, including two ambassadors who spoke directly with Giuliani about the president's request.
"I am particularly concerned that Department officials might have been aware of or aided Mr. Giuliani in violation of law or regulations against engaging in partisan political activities," she continued, urging Linick to determine whether Pompeo or any officials under him enabled Giuliani to advance Trump's political agenda.
"To help ensure that the foreign relations of the United States are carried out in good faith, I request that you investigate these and other circumstances described in the complaint and preserve all relevant records," Harris, another 2020 presidential contender, wrote.
Giuliani, Trump's personal lawyer, was part of the effort to influence Ukrainian officials, according to a summary of a conversation between Trump and the Ukrainian president, and a related whistleblower complaint.
Harris' written request to Inspector General Steve Linick comes as President Donald Trump is under intense legal scrutiny for pressuring the president of Ukraine to dig up dirt on former Vice President Joe Biden, a political rival he may face in the 2020 presidential election.
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.) on Thursday asked the inspector general of the State Department to investigate whether its officials, including Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, worked with Rudy Giuliani on any "partisan political activities."
Kamala Harris Calls For Probe Into State Dept. Officials Working With Giuliani
Several news outlets have reported that Jenner's illness was severe enough for her to be hospitalized.
However, she was a no-show.
Jenner also was scheduled to be a presenter with Kim Kardashian West and Kendall Jenner at Sunday's 71st Primetime Emmy Awards.
According to published reports, the 22-year-old Jenner was also scheduled to celebrate the collaboration with an event at the label's Rue Saint-Honoré boutique.
As part of the collaboration, she had been tapped to serve as the show's artistic director for makeup.
She ended by urging her social media followers to join her in watching the women's spring and summer 2020 Paris Fashion Week runway show, which is set to be livestreamed on the Balmain website at 2:30 a.m.
"Unfortunately I'm really sick and unable to travel," read the post in part, "I'm heartbroken to be missing this show, but I know that my amazing team, and my friends who are in town for the event, will help me be there in spirit. ..."
Reality television star, makeup mogul and self-made billionaire Kylie Jenner is sick and won't be in Paris for Friday's Balmain runway show and debut of her cosmetics collaboration with the French fashion house's creative director Olivier Rousteing, she announced on Twitter on Wednesday morning.
Kylie Jenner tweets she's 'really sick' and can't make Paris Fashion Week
Fiona Bruce interrupted Mr Reckless and said: "John Bercow has always said he doesn't have a preference."
We have had someone in the chair who has allowed his own personal preference for remain to influence how he assesses and frankly breaks the standing orders.
We're seeing in parliament the procedures of the House of Commons abused.
But, Brexit is being blocked by people who don't like Brexit, by people voted Remain and think their views are greater than the majority who voted to leave.
The problem we now have is that people voted to leave the EU were told they were being given the decision, and the Government would implement what they decided.
He said: "In a democracy, where laws are made and properly interpreted of course, we should obey the law.
His argument was made in response to whether the tide of opposition would be the same if the referendum had gone in favour of Remain.
The Member of the National Assembly for South Wales East made the point during Thursday's broadcast from Cardiff.
Brexit news: Reckless stuns BBC QT with brilliant point on Remainers' bid to halt EU exit
"We've really been following headline to headline," said Phil Flynn, an analyst with Price Futures Group in Chicago.
However, prices pared losses after U.S. President Donald Trump then said he had refused the request by Tehran.
Earlier in the session, futures fell after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said the United States offered to remove all sanctions on Iran in exchange for talks.
Brent was on track to fall nearly 3% for the week, its biggest weekly loss since early August, while WTI was set to fall 2.8%.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 futures rose 3 cents to $56.44 a barrel, after falling to $54.75 a barrel.
EDT (1521 GMT), after dropping to a session low of $60.76 a barrel.
During a volatile session, Brent crude LCOc1 futures lost 32 cents to $62.42 a barrel by 11:21 a.m.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices steadied on Friday but were heading for a weekly loss on a faster-than-expected recovery in Saudi output, while investors also worried about global crude demand amid slowing Chinese economic growth.
Oil prices head for weekly loss as supply fears wane
In a video of the news conference, Indorewala said that her first interview went well, and that she was asked to return for a second interview.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations, which brought the lawsuit on Indorewala's behalf, held a brief news conference outside Fast Trak's Falls Church office on Wednesday, when CAIR labeled Fast Trak "a company that disregarded federal law and chose not to hire her because of her faith."
The CEO, Ramses Gavilondo, disputes her version of events, saying Indorewala decided she did not want the job.
In a lawsuit filed in US District Court on Tuesday, Indorewala said she was "humiliated" by Fast Trak's CEO mocking her Muslim beliefs.
Now, Indorewala is suing the company, claiming that she was discriminated against because of her religion when she asked to use break time to pray.
So she applied to Fast Trak Management, a small company that bills itself as "the number 1 marketing firm in the Northern Virginia Area."
Shahin Indorewala had a job working with children with autism, but she wanted to gain more experience in marketing.
Shahin Indorewala is suing the firm, claiming that she was discriminated against.
Muslim Woman Says Company Didn't Hire Her As She Wanted To Pray At Work
The deal is also to ensure "transparent procurement practices," as well as "free, open, fair, non-discriminatory and predictable regional and international trade and investment."
"Japan and the EU endeavor to ensure synergies and complementarity between their respective cooperation on connectivity and quality infrastructure with partner third countries and coordinate action, notably in the regions of the Western Balkans, Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Indo-Pacific, as well as in Africa," the bilateral document states.
"The sea route that leads to the Mediterranean and the Atlantic must be open," Abe said, emphasizing the deal's signatories" aim to prevent China-financed projects from dominating EU-Asia transport links.
Since 2013, China funded the construction of bridges, roads and tunnels across more than 60 countries under its Belt and Road infrastructure initiative, which aims to build a network of land and sea links with Southeast Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and Africa.
EU officials have turned to Japan in an apparent move to evade attracting Chinese financing, fearing what they see as China's dominance in infrastructure building across Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia.
"Whether it be a single road or a single port, when the EU and Japan undertake something, we are able to build sustainable, rules-based connectivity from the Indo-Pacific to the Western Balkans and Africa," Abe told reporters ahead of the signing ceremony.
The agreement formally seals Japan's engagement in the new EU-Asia connectivity plan and was signed by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at the Europa Connectivity Forum in Brussels on Friday.
The European Union has included Japan in its Asia "connectivity" plan, signing a landmark deal to coordinate transport, energy and digital projects amid concerns over China's dominance in infrastructure funding.
EU & Japan strike "connectivity" deal to link Asia & to counter China's new Silk Road - RT Business News
Kotecha said the research was based on data for almost 8 million live births in England and Wales between 2001 and 2012.
The latest study, yet to be peer-reviewed or published, will be presented at the European Respiratory Society international congress in Madrid.
A growing body of research has revealed links between different components of air pollution and health issues, including lung problems, heart disease, mental health problems, dementia and low birthweight.
"If you can find out some of the mechanisms you can look at potential interventions," she added.
"You live where you live and you can't avoid pollution day in day out," she said, adding that it was down to policymakers to reduce pollution levels and for researchers to unpick how pollutants affect health.
Dr Sarah Kotecha , a researcher at Cardiff University, said the results were difficult for pregnant women and their families to do much about.
It is not the first study to investigate the link between air pollution and infant mortality , but the study drew particular focus on different pollutants and its analysis at different points in babies' lives.
Babies living in areas with high levels of air pollution have a greater risk of death than those surrounded by cleaner air, a study has found.
Babies exposed to air pollution have greater risk of death
Neither chamber of Congress appears to have the two-thirds majority needed to override the president's opposition.
He already vetoed a measure to end the emergency declaration in March.
Trump will likely veto the resolution, the sixth time he will have blocked congressional legislation as president.
The Senate already approved the measure in a 54-41 vote, as 11 Republicans joined Democrats in backing it.
Eleven Republicans and one independent supported it.
The Democratic-held chamber passed a resolution to terminate Trump's action by a 236-174 margin, sending it to the president.
The House voted Friday to block the national emergency declaration President Donald Trump is using to fund his proposed border wall.
President Donald Trump speaks while participating in a tour of border wall prototypes.
House blocks Trump national emergency over border, setting up veto
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his Independence Day speech had advocated measures to control population while expressing concern over its "explosive growth."
Like China, India should bring a stringent law, he said.
It not controlled, this ailment will go into the fourth stage and become incurable," Mr Singh said.
"Rising population has become like a second stage cancer.
He said those opposed to measures for controlling population bring religion into the debate.
Speaking at a seminar on population control, Mr Singh, a hardline leader of the BJP, said it is necessary to enact a stringent law and those who breach it should face punishments like revocation of their voting rights and economic curbs irrespective of their religions.
Union Minister Giriraj Singh on Friday likened India's burgeoning population to "second stage cancer" and called for a stringent legislation to control it, saying that if not controlled then it will go into the fourth stage and become incurable.
Giriraj Singh said those opposed to population control bring religion into the debate (File)
Giriraj Singh Says Rising Population Like Second Stage Cancer
Commenting on the awards, the Chief Financial Officer of MTN Ghana, Mr Modupe Kadri said, "MTN continues to employ very innovative ways to ensure we are compliant and adhere to procurement and supply chain best practices."
He dedicated the awards to the Management and Staff, Suppliers and Business Partners of MTN Ghana.
Receiving the awards on behalf of MTN Ghana, Mr Patrick Afari, General Manager for Supply Chain Management and General Services expressed gratitude to the organisers for the recognition.
The awards seek to honour the most esteemed, innovative and transformative players in the industry as well as celebrate outstanding achievements of teams, stakeholders and individuals who have demonstrated an unparalleled ability to succeed and continually set standards of excellence in the Procurement and Supply Chain profession.
For the second consecutive time, Mr Patrick Afari, General Manager for Procurement and Supply Chain at MTN Ghana was listed among the Top 20 Procurement Leaders in Ghana.
The awards are Excellence in Procurement & Supply Chain - Telecom/IT, Most Innovative use of Technology in Procurement (Private Sector) and Procurement and Supply Chain Team of the Year - Gold
MTN Ghana has won three awards at the 2nd Ghana Procurement and Supply Chain Awards 2019 organised by Instinct Wave.
Ghana: MTN Wins 3 Awards
Wins on the field may be few and far between for tier-two nations at the tournament, such as Uruguay's victory over Fiji in Kamaishi on Wednesday.
That would be a win for us.
For a lot of guys this is a shop window and hopefully some of them can put on a hell of a performance out there and get a contract.
(Against New Zealand) we have to go out and put out something that we are proud of.
